[WIP] Planning_scene_monitor (current_state_monitor) (#29)
AcutronicRobotics/moveit2: moveit_ros/planning/planning_scene_monitor/CMakeLists.txt

set(MOVEIT_LIB_NAME moveit_planning_scene_monitor)

add_library(${MOVEIT_LIB_NAME}
  # src/planning_scene_monitor.cpp
  src/current_state_monitor.cpp
  # src/trajectory_monitor.cpp
)
set_target_properties(${MOVEIT_LIB_NAME} PROPERTIES VERSION "${${PROJECT_NAME}_VERSION}")
target_link_libraries(${MOVEIT_LIB_NAME}
  moveit_robot_model_loader
  moveit_collision_plugin_loader
  ${rclcpp_LIBRARIES}
  ${Boost_LIBRARIES})

ament_target_dependencies(${MOVEIT_LIB_NAME}
  moveit_robot_model_loader
  moveit_collision_plugin_loader
  ${rclcpp_LIBRARIES})

> #TODO: (anasarrak) Fix this once moveit_ros_planning is finished

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#TODO: (anasarrak) Fix this once moveit_ros_planning is converted to ROS2
```

If you forget to do this, let's have descriptive comments so others know what you meant by 'finished'
